Update self-managed-changelog.md (#6533)
mattermost/docs: source/install/self-managed-changelog.md

## Release v8.0 - [Major Release](https://docs.mattermost.com/upgrade/release-definitions.html#major-release)

- **v8.0.1, released 2023-07-19**
  - Mattermost v8.0.1 contains medium severity level security fixes. [Upgrading](https://docs.mattermost.com/upgrade/upgrading-mattermost-server.html) to this release is recommended. Details will be posted on our [security updates page](https://mattermost.com/security-updates/) 30 days after release as per the [Mattermost Responsible Disclosure Policy](https://mattermost.com/security-vulnerability-report/).
  - Mattermost v8.0.1 contains no database or functional changes.

>   - Added support for embedding Mattermost in an MSTeams iframe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Added support for embedding Mattermost in a Microsoft Teams iframe.
```
